add more config doc descriptions (#3973)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/proxy/_index.md

geekdocCollapseSection: true
---

## Abstract

> 
> This service provides a proxy service that routes requests to the correct extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The proxy service acts as an API Gateway and routes requests to the correct target service. It also provides standard proxy services.
```
This text is also used in our documentation and was discussed with butonic. Either commit or suggest changes which we then need to transfer to the documentation.
